Update CHANGELOG format in security dashboards plugin (#528)
wazuh/wazuh-security-dashboards-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> All notable changes to the Wazuh ML Commons project will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All notable changes to the Wazuh dashboard security plugin project will be documented in this file.
```

Reviewer: Solved
